[Music]
Children, today, you young people,
the Buddha taught this: Where our mind is
directed, our karma is directed.
For example, if our mind is
always directed towards those who are involved in
gambling, fighting, and other vices, then you will not
like them, right? But
if our mind is directed towards the Buddha, the
Buddha is the embodiment of wisdom and
virtue, then we will surely follow the path of enlightenment and enlightenment. Is that
clear? If
our mind is
directed towards those heroic and
virtuous people every day, then naturally, gradually,
our character will change,
right? But often, when
we read the story of K
and the saint, we are inspired. Although right now we don't know it, our mind has already directed us towards the Buddha. That is, directed us towards the Buddha. And the
Buddha of the saint is not directed towards us by
surpassing everyone else to reach the
Buddha of the saint.  My child, is that right?
For example, here we are aiming for
people who are notorious thugs and heroes.
From the beginning, we will go step by step,
associating with those good people, that's a
step up, do you understand?
Then we aim towards the Buddha and the
saints. Now, our karma
will find us, leading us to those who are wise,
kind, have dreams, and ideals. So, no matter where
you live in this world,
you must meet
good people, kind people, people who strive for
success because we can't just
fly to the other side in one go.
Our minds are directed towards it, but it
must go from small good to great good,
from small wisdom to great wisdom.
That's why those who direct their minds towards
the Buddha always seek wisdom, seek national reward, seek wisdom, seek success.
We understand karma and walk the
path of good karma.
First, our minds meet
kind people who help us do good deeds,
helping us succeed in
the Dharma. Then,
where do we go? That's a step-by-step process.  Let me
make it clear to you, my children, that simply
aiming towards the Buddha and those who have renounced the
world will lead to renunciation. It's not
that easy; it must be done
gradually, step by step. When we
aim towards the Buddha and those with
wisdom and merit, but our hearts are
currently focused on learning, then
our karma will immediately guide
you to the place you desire. Learning in
the right place is essential for
success. It's impossible to skip
the point of learning in the right place, doing the right work, and
thinking correctly for the benefit of the community. Do you understand this? Think deeply,
especially you
young ones. If your hearts are directed towards the present and the
higher, it will guide you to the realm of
humanity. Then, in this life
or the next, you will renounce the world. Following
this pure heart, you will
gradually encounter good people, until your heart
desires to renounce the world. If your heart
doesn't yet desire renunciation, and you want to achieve
worldly success, then...  If we continue to
follow the Buddha's teachings, we
will encounter good things all around us. Do you understand, children?
Actually, analyzing it is very easy. A
good heart is always in our hearts. A good heart is always in
one direction, and an evil heart is
also in another direction. Do you see that?
In the world, it's like that:
good people have good hearts, and
evil people have evil hearts, but they are all in one direction.
Sometimes, two friends play together,
but they use good hearts towards each
other instead of evil hearts. That's because both people are directed towards good hearts.
So we must strive upwards,
towards
goodness. When we speak,
our words, our gestures, our
actions—they will
choose good actions and
good words. Do you understand this? Then
we will attract
good people to us. That's why it's
important that we know what to direct our attention to. Towards
the Buddha is towards goodness, towards
wisdom, towards blessings,
towards good deeds. Then we will
connect with good people, we will
enjoy doing good deeds, and that is creating
karma.  And what has a cause has an effect. Okay,
children, do you understand? Therefore, every day
we must strive towards this, and the Buddha
taught this: when we celebrate the
Buddha's birth, we should direct our minds towards
offering, even if it's just a small lamp in
front of us. Even the smallest thing,
we should vow to offer it to the
Buddha so that we may
become Buddhas in the future. Right now, we are walking
on the path of goodness, achieving good
deeds for the benefit of ourselves and the
majority. Do you agree? The Buddha taught that the mind
leads all dharmas. The mind is the master of all dharmas. If your
mind is pure, then two actions will follow, and
peace will follow. So, if we
speak and act of good deeds,
peace will follow. In this
world, I also hope that you will achieve
success and fame, benefiting the country and your family,
following the path of good deeds.
[Music]
Namo Linqing, the immortal Wuyou, the
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully recite the Buddha's name. This
year, during the season of the Three Persons and Heaven, we
turn towards our own nature and actions.
We, the
children of the
Youth Club and the Youth Club of Ba Ba Pagoda, respectfully offer our sincere devotion and offerings to the
Buddha on his birthday.
We have heard that while he was still alive,
a little boy sitting in his mother's lap, upon
seeing the Buddha pass by, asked his mother to
give him a branch of a flower.
The boy used the flower branch to offer
to the Buddha and vowed
that in the future he would become a wise person, a
fully enlightened being, saving countless beings.
The Buddha smiled and gave
him his blessing, saying that in many lifetimes he would
become a Bodhisattva, benefiting humanity, and
eventually attaining enlightenment.
Today, in our understanding of karma and our pure faith
in the teachings of the
Buddha, we ask the Buddha to bear witness to our sincere devotion and offerings. We
pray that all the children of the Youth Club and the Youth Club may develop
wisdom, receive blessings, and
have many happy lives.  May the blessings of peace and happiness be
fulfilled, and may our virtuous wishes be granted,
benefiting ourselves, our families,
society, and even higher, benefiting all
beings and later attaining Buddhahood.
Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva, we humbly beseech the Buddha to
witness our offerings in
our noble enlightenment. Namo, our original teacher, our beloved disciple, the Buddha taught that whoever turns to the Buddha, offering flowers, music, and
all kinds of objects, will receive blessings.
If with a noble heart, they will attain Buddhahood. Now, we offer our songs, music, and offerings to the Buddha in anticipation of his birth, in anticipation of the joy of the world and the world. [Music] Joyful, Buddha far from the world! Joyful, Dharma of the Sangha! Joyful, the Dharma of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha!
Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the
path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the
Sangha!
Joyful, the path of the Sangha! Joyful, the path of the Sangha!
Joyful indeed, the Sangha is harmonious, practicing
together. Joyful indeed, the separation of life is joyful. Joyful indeed, breaking through the separation of life is joyful. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is harmonious, practicing
together. Joyful indeed, it is difficult to be a
human being, difficult to
live, difficult to hear the Wonderful Dharma,
difficult to be far from life, difficult to be a
human being, difficult to live, difficult to
hear the Wonderful Dharma, difficult to hear the
[music]
life is joyful, seeing separation far from life is joyful, seeing the Dharma
path is joyful, seeing the Sangha in harmony, harmonious together. Joyful indeed, the
Buddha is born. Joyful indeed,
breaking through the separation of life is joyful. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is harmonious, practicing
together. Joyful indeed, there is
change in the path of being a human being, there is change in life, it is
difficult to hear the Wonderful Dharma, difficult
to be far from life, difficult to be a human being, it is
difficult to live, there is change in hearing the Wonderful Dharma, there is change in life. Joyful indeed, the
Buddha is far from life. Joyful indeed, the
Dharma is achieved. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is
harmonious, practicing together. Joyful indeed, the
Buddha is born. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is harmonious, practicing together. Joyful indeed, the Dharma path is joyful. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is
harmonious, practicing together. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is
harmonious, practicing together. Joyful indeed, the Sangha is harmonious, more harmonious than the flower,
more
joyful than the flower,
more joyful than the flower. Joyful indeed, the
Buddha's birth brings happiness to all beings,
reverence and celebration of the Buddha's birth.
[Applause]
[Music]
Yeah I